Hello dear friends caress with you
and this is a review of plush purple
minion from the cartoon despicable me
all toys presented you can
buy toys in the store
you see on the screen and in the description of the video
i keep watching the toys from
plush series from the cartoon despicable me
this time it's a purple minion with
crazy hair in which
turns ordinary minions Well
let's go quickly through
the box here is drawn that he has
blinking eye on the back of the box
drawn how to interact with it
it is written that this is the original of my
there is an original voice he laughs
says banana and you can press for
on the button he presents here and
other toys from the plush series
plush agnes unicorn named andrew
this minion says more than 15 phrases like
written on the box, well let's
let's see how cool it is
talking imagine you
violet minion from a cartoon despicable me
we put cool hands on him too
long unusual as cartoons he died
cool very sausage if you talk
about the quality of the toy, it is pretty
cool looking hair
is such a washcloth
which can be a little bit from here he likes
ointment must be pulled out of course with proper
diligence but overall very pleasant
impression look you can bank out
make him hair
fit
This toys and can be cool
please truth
combing probably will not work because
that so very small hay is so straight
Here's a little nasty to the touch at all
his eye is plastic and lights up when
pressing the button here that is it doesn't
flashes as the other minions
previous hands present themselves such
macaroni and an eye by the way on his black
ribbons which carries only this very
good good
this one is not his glasses
removed soft teeth stick out
See how the buzzer protrudes very
cool it looks just okay
here are cartoons when you take it in hand
and I understand that he can rush you
rush you here where
minion logo changed by the way and I
I do not remember what was in the cartoon shop
at the bottom everything is black and soft my feet
there is a button hope button here we have
battery compartment here are the new lessons which
thread on the ladder here but it looks well
very cool give try to click on
a button
not most like it fun
voiced let's see open the compartment
for batteries let's see what he has there
eat inside so here as expected
let's get the box and we'll get
see if there is a switch yes
he is standing tromy tyson not all
say phrases now I want to give his way
in the previous play position and hold
back and not here so close up
battery compartment and see what he
will now talk
as you can see from him when i click on
the button it lights up for 20
very cool plush Jansen lines
fits the film very cool
made straight I loved him very very
zdorovski
all toys presented you can
buy toys in the store
you see on the screen and in the description of the video
honestly i fell in love with this minion
what was the review of such
purple minion from a plush series
original toys from the cartoon ugly
I if you liked this video put
big thumbs up subscribe to
my channel and comment with you was
lavsky and plush purple minion
see you bye bye
a lot of interesting yet